PREVIOUSLY ON HOW TO GET AWAY
WITH MURDER...
[ANCHORWOMAN]
CALEB AND CATHERINE HAPSTALL,
ACCUSED OF
MURDERING THEIR PARENTS.
YOU THINK
YOU WERE FRAMED?
DON'T YOU?
I MIGHT BE GOING TO JAIL.
VERY FUNNY.
I'M NOT KIDDING.
NIA WANTED TO SEE ME.
SHE WANTED ME
TO GET HER PILLS.
TELL ME YOU
DIDN'T SAY YES.
OF COURSE NOT.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME ABOUT WES?
I SAW YOU WITH HIM.
YOU'RE GONNA TELL ME
WHAT'S GOING ON.
HE THINKS
YOU KILLED REBECCA.
FRANK HAD YOU DUMP A GIRL'S
BODY IN THIS CEMETERY.
OK, THAT'S ENOUGH.
I'D LIKE TO REPORT
A DRUG DEALER.
LEVI WESCOTT.
THIS YOUR CAR?
YEAH. WHAT'S
THIS ABOUT?
WHAT THE HELL!
THAT'S NOT MINE.
NOW, ONCE AGAIN,
WAITLIST JUST DRAGS US DOWN
THE RABBIT HOLE TO HELL.
I KILLED HIM, ASHER.
I KILLED SAM.
IF YOU TESTIFY TO
EVERYTHING THAT YOU KNOW,
BONNIE AND ME
WILL LIKELY GO TO JAIL.
[EMILY] FULL IMMUNITY
ON BOTH TROTTER LAKE
AND ANY CONNECTION
TO THE MURDER OF SAM KEATING.
YOU KNOW ANNALISE IS
GONNA COME AFTER YOU, TOO,
FOR THE DAVID ALLEN CASE.
I DID NOTHING WRONG THERE.
I LOVE YOU.
AND I'M BEGGING YOU
NOT TO DO THIS.
PLEASE,
JUST STAY HERE.
HE'S GOING TO TESTIFY!
JUST PUT IT ON ME.
[GASPING]
AND I'LL TAKE IT.
WHERE'S YOUR COMPUTER?
MEET BONNIE.
[MAN] HEY, THERE, PRETTY.
WE'RE GONNA PLAY A GAME.
[MAN] BLOOD PRESSURE'S 70 OVER
PALP. PULSE IS THREADY.
WE GOT A BODY.
[MONITOR BEEPING]
IS SHE OK?
TELL ME!
IS SHE GONNA BE OK?
[WOMAN] WE'RE TAKING
HER TO SURGERY?
WHY? WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
SIR, PLEASE,
GET OUT OF THE WAY.
SHE CAN'T DIE.
GET HIM OUT OF HERE.
SIR, THEY'RE DOING
EVERYTHING THEY CAN.
[WOMAN] SHE'S ARRESTING.
[MAN] SIR.
[WOMAN] STARTING CPR.
[MAN] WHAT'S WRONG?
[WOMAN] PUSH 0.1 OF EPI.
SIR, JUST LET THEM
DO THEIR JOB.
TELL ME WHAT'S HAPPENING!
STILL NO ACTIVITY.
[WOMAN]
PUSH ONE AMP OF CALCIUM...
[MAN] JUST LET THEM --
[MAN]
JUST LET THEM DO THEIR JOB.
[WOMAN] PUSH ONE MORE OF EPI.
DON'T LET HER DIE!
♪♪
[SIREN WAILING]
[CAR ALARM CHIRPS]
WE ARE INNOCENT.
[ENGINE TURNS OVER]
♪♪
[ALARM BLARING]
[ALARM STOPS]
SORRY. I'M SO SORRY.
THAT GAVE ME
A HEART ATTACK.
I THOUGHT THAT WAS ME.
YOU KNOW YOU'VE BECOME
LESS AND LESS SEXY
WITH EVERY NEW COMPLIMENT
YOU GIVE YOURSELF?
I DON'T BELIEVE THAT.
SHOWER?
UH...
YOU GO.
I DON'T THINK
MY LEGS WORK YET.
♪ TAKE ME FAR AWAY ♪
♪ TO ESCAPE MYSELF ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I WAS
BORN TO SUFFER ♪
♪ IT KILLS MY MIND ♪
[WATER RUNNING]
♪ IT KILLS ME INSIDE ♪
♪ HAPPENS ALL THE TIME ♪
♪♪
[WES] IT'S A SUITCASE
FULL OF CASH.
CLEARLY IT HAS SOMETHING
TO DO WITH REBECCA.
OR IT HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH HER.
[FRANK] HEY.
SURE YOU DON'T WANT TO
HOP IN?
SAVE WATER.
ONLY 'CAUSE I CARE
ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT.
WHAT IS THIS?
OH, IT'S A LIST OF BAD THINGS
YOU COULD'VE DONE.
I KNOW YOU SAID
YOU COULDN'T TELL ME,
WHICH I TOTALLY APPRE--
TERRORISM?
SEE?
IT'LL BE EASY.
WE CAN STRIKE THAT, RIGHT?
I'M NOT A TERRORIST,
OLLIE.
GREAT. LET'S CROSS OFF
NUMBER TWO -- PEDOPHILIA.
LOOK, WHAT I DID WASN'T
ACTUALLY THAT BAD.
YOU SAID YOU COULD
GO TO JAIL FOR IT.
WHICH WAS
AN EXAGGERATION.
LOOK, LET'S THROW THIS
AWAY AND...
HEY.
...MAKE USE
OF THE 10 MINUTES I HAVE
BEFORE I HAVE TO
GO TO WORK.
[CHUCKLES]
THIS IS VERY
MANIPULATIVE OF YOU.
MANIPULATIVE OF ME.
AH!
[CHUCKLES]
[NATE] YOU'VE REACHED
NATE LAHEY. LEAVE A MESSAGE.
[BEEPS]
WHERE ARE YOU?
PLEASE CALL ME BACK.
IS THAT YOUR BESTIE LEVI?
HOW'S JAIL TREATING HIM?
I CAN TAKE CRAP FROM CONNOR
AND MICHAELA, FINE,
BUT YOU KNOW I'M NOT CRAZY.
NO. YOU'VE
JUST MADE ME CRAZY.
I SNOOPED THROUGH FRANK'S
STUFF THIS MORNING.
YOU FOUND SOMETHING?
NO. AND I WON'T BECAUSE
THERE'S NOTHING TO FIND.
THEN WHAT'S WITH
THE SUITCASE?
HUH, WE WERE RIGHT.
THEY'RE OBSESSING
ABOUT THE SUITCASE.
FINE, I'LL STOP,
IF ONE OF YOU CAN EXPLAIN
WHY FRANK WOULD HAVE
THAT MUCH CASH.
MAYBE HE HAS A GAMBLING PROBLEM
OR DISTRUSTS BANKS.
OR IS SAVING IT
TO HIRE A HIT MAN TO KILL WES
FOR LETTING ME SLEEP
WITH A DRUG DEALER.
OK, CAN WE ALL
STOP THIS, PLEASE?
FORGET ABOUT THE SUITCASE
AND REBECCA AND LEVI
BEFORE ANNALISE FINDS OUT
WE'VE ALL GONE BANANAS AGAIN.
WES?
NONE OF THIS MAKES SENSE.
DID YOUR MOTHER DROP YOU
ON YOUR HEAD AS A BABY?
BECAUSE WE GET IT.
YOU'RE SAD YOUR LITTLE
GIRLFRIEND FLAKED OUT ON YOU.
YOU MEAN GOT KILLED.
NO.
THAT'S THE TALL TALE YOUR
LITTLE WEENIE BRAIN MADE UP,
SO DO WHATEVER YOU NEED TO DO
TO SILENCE THE LAMBS
OR I WILL SERIAL KILL YOU.
WHY AREN'T WE IN OUR SEATS?
THE UNITED STATES V. MAHONEY.
MR. MILLSTONE.
TELL ME THE VERDICT.
[MAN]
I'LL GO FIRST, THEN YOU.
SEE? JUST LIKE THIS.
[BONNIE] [ CRYING]
WHY THE HELL
DO YOU HAVE THAT?
DOES IT MATTER?
HOW DO YOU THINK BONNIE FELT
WHEN SAM CAME AT HER THAT NIGHT,
WHEN HE PUT HIS HANDS
ON HER?
YOU THINK SHE HAD A CHOICE
IN HOW SHE REACTED?
NO.
BUT I SAID I'D TESTIFY.
I KNOW.
BUT THE GOOD PART IS
THAT YOU STILL HAVE TIME
TO CHANGE YOUR MIND.
I'LL PROTECT YOU, ASHER.
BUT WE NEED TO
PROTECT BONNIE, TOO.
THAT'S WHAT WE DO
FOR PEOPLE THAT WE LOVE.
RIGHT?
NOW FORGET YOU SAW THIS.
OF COURSE.
GOOD.
THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE,
THOUGH.
SINCLAIR KNOWS
ABOUT THIS THING I DID.
IT'S BAD.
TELL ME EVERYTHING.
I'LL FIX IT.
THERE WAS NO VERDICT
IN THE U.S. V. MAHONEY.
DUE TO THE VICTIM'S CONCERNS
ABOUT SUFFERING
ADDITIONAL EMOTIONAL HARM,
HE DIDN'T TESTIFY
AND THE JUDGE HAD NO CHOICE
BUT TO DISMISS THE CASE.
WHAT LEGAL OPTION
DID THE PROSECUTOR EXERCISE
IN ALLOWING THE VICTIM'S
REQUEST NOT TO TESTIFY?
DISCRETION.
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
I KNOW.
I WAS SHOCKED, TOO.
BUT HE CAME TO ME BEFORE CLASS
AND HE SAID HE CHANGED HIS MIND.
SO, SOMETHING YOU SAID
CLEARLY WORKED.
WELL, HIS DAD'S INVOLVED,
THOUGH, AND SINCLAIR.
HOW DO WE KNOW HE'S NOT SECRETLY
COOPERATING WITH THEM?
THIS IS MY FAULT.
YOU'RE SO USED TO ME
DOUBTING YOU
THAT YOU CAN'T SEE WHEN
YOU'VE DONE SOMETHING RIGHT.
BUT THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT YOU'VE DONE HERE.
YOU FIXED THIS,
AND IT MAKES SENSE.
HE LOVES YOU.
MAYBE YOU CAN'T SEE IT,
BUT I CAN.
SORRY I HAD TO GO ALL
JASON BOURNE ON YOU GUYS,
BUT, UH, YOUR HEADS
WOULD LITERALLY KERPLODE
IF YOU KNEW ABOUT ALL THE CRAP
GOING ON IN THIS HOUSE.
REALLY?
YOU CAN'T TELL US ANYTHING?
NO, NOT A PEEP.
GOOD. I DON'T WANT TO
KNOW ANYTHING
THAT COULD GET ME
INTO TROUBLE.
SERIOUSLY,
DON'T TELL US ANYTHING.
I MEAN, I WON'T.
YOU KNOW,
A.K. REALLY WANTS TO
KEEP THIS GENIE
IN A BOTTLE, SO...
IT'S THAT INTENSE.
I HEAR I OWE YOU A FIST BUMP
FOR KEEPING OUR MOLE QUIET.
WHAT'D YOU DO?
PROMISE A YEAR'S WORTH
OF LAP DANCES?
PRETTY MUCH.
YOU NEED SOMETHING?
NO.
[FRANK] WHEN ARE YOU FINALLY
GONNA TALK TO HIM?
[ANNALISE] I DON'T KNOW.
SOONER THE BETTER, I SAY.
THE SUITCASE DISTRACTED HIM,
BUT HE'S A DOG WITH A BONE
ABOUT REBECCA.
DON'T YOU THINK
I KNOW THAT?
I'LL HANDLE HIM
THE WAY I ALWAYS DO.
RIGHT NOW,
I HAVE TO GO HANDLE A BITCH.
MS. KEATING,
DID WE HAVE AN APPOINTMENT?
I THOUGHT YOUR SCHEDULE
WOULD BE CLEAR
NOW THAT YOUR STAR WITNESS
HAS ABANDONED YOU.
MR. MILLSTONE AND I STILL
HAVE TO TALK ABOUT THAT.
NO, YOU DON'T.
HE SENT ME ON HIS BEHALF.
I ADMIRE YOUR AMBITION.
YOU SEE AN OPPORTUNITY
TO GRAB HEADLINES
TO MAKE THE BIG BOYS
UPSTAIRS NOTICE YOU,
BUT YOU'RE MAKING
A ROOKIE MISTAKE.
OF COURSE
YOU'RE GONNA SAY THAT.
IT'S NOT MY OPINION.
IT'S THE LAW.
WHAT YOU'VE DONE
TO MR. MILLSTONE
AMOUNTS TO WITNESS TAMPERING
AND INTIMIDATION.
I MAKE ONE PHONE CALL,
AND THE PRESS WILL MAKE YOU OUT
TO BE AN OVERZEALOUS,
LAW-BREAKING PROSECUTOR
DESPERATE TO TAKE ME DOWN.
WHY? BEATS ME.
BUT THE REPORTERS
WILL COME UP WITH THEORIES.
JEALOUSY,
EGOMANIA, RACISM.
FINE.
I'LL LAY OFF MR. MILLSTONE,
BUT ONLY BECAUSE
WE STILL HAVE
THE HAPSTALL CASE TOGETHER.
I LOOK FORWARD
TO DESTROYING YOU IN COURT.
[ANNALISE] I KNOW I TALK
A LOT ABOUT WINNING.
AND YES,
A PART OF IT IS MY PRIDE.
BUT IT'S ALSO ABOUT OUR CLIENTS.
NOW, CATHERINE AND CALEB HAVE
PLACED THEIR LIVES IN OUR HANDS.
DO I THINK THEY'RE GUILTY?
I HAVE NO CLUE.
BUT I DO KNOW WHAT IT FEELS
LIKE TO BE MISUNDERSTOOD,
TO HAVE PEOPLE EXPECT
THE WORST FROM YOU.
AND IT DOESN'T FEEL GOOD.
NOW, WE OWE CATHERINE
AND CALEB OUR BEST,
AND THAT MEANS GOING
BACK TO THE BASICS.
WHO REMEMBERS STEP TWO?
FIND A NEW SUSPECT.
YES.
ANNALISE,
IT'S PROFESSOR HARTFORD.
TELL HER I'LL CALL HER BACK.
FROM THE START,
CATHERINE AND CALEB HAVE SAID
THAT THEY WERE FRAMED.
NOW, WE NEED TO FIND OUT
WHO THEY THINK DID THAT.
GO TO THE MANSION --
SHE SAYS IT'S URGENT.
URGENT MY ASS.
TELL HER I DON'T WANT TO GO TO
HER STUPID ANNIVERSARY PARTY.
OUR CLIENTS ARE RICH.
RICH PEOPLE USUALLY
HAVE ENEMIES.
WE NEED TO LOOK AT FAMILY
MEMBERS, BUSINESS PARTNERS --
SHE SAYS
IT'S AN EMERGENCY.
OH, FOR GOD'S SAKES.
THIS BETTER BE GOOD, JILL.
SLOW DOWN.
[JILL] HE CAME AT ME
WITH A BOTTLE YELLING.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO,
SO I GRABBED IT
OUT OF HIS HAND AND --
OH, MY GOD, ANNALISE.
WHAT'D YOU DO?
I KILLED STEVEN.
TELL ME
EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED.
[JILL] HE WAS OUT ALL NIGHT.
HE CAME HOME SLURRING,
SCREAMING AT ME.
I TRIED TO LEAVE FOR CLASS,
BUT HE GRABBED ME.
HE WOULDN'T LET GO.
SHOULDN'T I CALL
THE POLICE?
IN A SECOND.
WAS IT THE FIRST TIME
HE CAME AT YOU?
NO.
WAS HE ABUSIVE?
JILL, WE DON'T HAVE
ANY TIME FOR SECRETS.
SOMETIMES WHEN HE'D DRINK,
HE'D GET ANGRY.
I SHOULD'VE LEFT HIM
A LONG TIME AGO, I KNOW.
ARE THERE ANY SIGNS
OF A STRUGGLE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, YOU'RE TELLING ME
IT'S SELF-DEFENSE,
THAT HE ATTACKED YOU.
ARE THERE ANY SIGNS
OF THAT?
HE, UH,
KNOCKED OVER A CHAIR
AND, UM, THERE'S SOME STUFF
ON THE COFFEE TABLE.
DID HE HIT YOU,
LEAVE ANY MARKS ON YOUR BODY?
THERE'S SOME SCRATCHES
ON MY ARM.
ALL RIGHT.
I WANT YOU TO HANG UP,
CALL 911,
AND DON'T TALK TO THE POLICE
TILL I GET THERE.
NOT A WORD, OK?
OK.
PLEASE HURRY.
GETTIN' YOUR VITAMIN C
GAME ON?
[CHUCKLES]
WHY AREN'T YOU ON YOUR WAY
TO THE HAPSTALLS?
OH, YOU DIDN'T HEAR?
CALEB SHOT CATHERINE,
BUT NOT BEFORE SHE SHOT HIM,
AND NOW THEY'RE BOTH DEAD.
I CAN'T THANK YOU
ENOUGH FOR --
I KNOW THIS IS WEIRD.
YOU GO.
NO, YOU.
JUST SAY SOMETHING,
ASHER.
I'M SORRY...
FOR WHAT HAPPENED...
TO YOU.
WHAT SAM DID.
IT'S NOT RIGHT.
IT'S NOT OK.
I JUST WISH THERE WAS
SOMETHING I COULD SAY.
YOU JUST DID.
AND YOU'RE PROTECTING ME.
I SHOULD BE THE ONE
THANKING YOU.
HOW'S YOUR FATHER?
UH, I DON'T KNOW.
[CHUCKLES]
I'M JUST...
GONNA IGNORE HIS CALLS
TILL HE CHILLS.
ANNALISE CAN...
HANDLE THIS, RIGHT?
ANNALISE TAKES CARE
OF EVERYTHING.
[SIGHS]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
ANNALISE. SURPRISED
YOU DIDN'T GET HERE BEFORE ME.
I GOT HERE JUST IN TIME
TO SEE YOUR BOYS
CONTAMINATING THE CRIME SCENE.
LET'S MAKE NOTE OF THIS OFFICER
HERE NOT WEARING ANY GLOVES.
WE'LL BE USING THAT
IN COURT.
SO YOU AGREE WE'RE GOING
TO TRIAL ON THIS ONE.
IF YOU'RE DUMB ENOUGH
TO CHARGE HER.
TEST HIS BLOOD.
SEE HOW DRUNK HE WAS
WHEN HE ATTACKED HER.
YOU DIDN'T TALK
TO ANYONE, DID YOU?
NO, NO.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I DID THIS.
YOU DID NOT DO THIS.
HE DID THIS THE FIRST TIME
HE ATTACKED YOU, YOU HEAR ME?
[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
[CAR DOOR CLOSES]
[CELLPHONE RINGING]
[MICHAELA]
WELL, WE OBVIOUSLY KNOW
WHO I THINK
OUR NUMBER-ONE SUSPECT IS.
THE RACIST.
AUNT HELENA.
SHE WAS NEXT IN LINE
TO GET THE MONEY
IF YOU TWO WENT TO JAIL.
SHE'S DEAD NOW.
HER MONEY HAS TO GO TO SOMEONE,
THOUGH, RIGHT?
AN EX-HUSBAND, A BOYFRIEND.
A GIRLFRIEND.
OLD LADIES
CAN LIKE VAG, TOO.
OUR AUNT WILLED ALL HER MONEY
TO A CHARITY BASED IN AFRICA.
HMM, THE IRONY.
[LAUREL]
WHAT ABOUT MISS GUTHRIE?
SHE PLANTED
THE SIBCEST PHOTO OF YOU TWO,
HAD ACCESS TO THE HOUSE.
HER SISTER TOLD THE POLICE
SHE WAS HOME ALL NIGHT.
WHY AREN'T WE CONSIDERING
YOUR REAL PARENTS?
YOUR SPERM AND EGG PARENTS,
NOT THEM.
OH, MY GOD.
THOSE ARE OUR REAL PARENTS.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
WE'RE NOT LOOKING INTO
OUR BIRTH PARENTS.
WHY NOT?
A JURY MIGHT BUY
THAT THEY RESENTED
YOUR ADOPTED PARENTS' ABILITY
TO GIVE YOU WHAT THEY COULDN'T.
SO THEY MURDERED THEM IN
COLD BLOOD? THAT MAKES NO SENSE.
IT DOES
IF THE BIRTH PARENTS KNEW
HOW MUCH CATHERINE AND
CALEB WOULD INHERIT.
OK, NO, WE ARE NOT
VILIFYING THE PEOPLE
WHO WERE BRAVE ENOUGH TO
PUT THEIR BIOLOGICAL KIDS' NEEDS
BEFORE THEIR OWN, THUS ENSURING
THEM A SAFE AND LOVING HOME.
EXACTLY.
SO...
PLEASE TELL US
THOSE AREN'T THE ONLY
POTENTIAL SUSPECTS YOU HAVE.
RONALD FREESTONE.
YOUR DAD'S
EX-BUSINESS PARTNER
WHO WAS OUSTED
FROM THE BOARD.
SHE THINKS HE WAS
AT RISQUÉ BUSINESS ALL NIGHT.
THE STRIP CLUB?
I'LL SEE
WHO CAN PUT HIM THERE.
BONNIE,
WHEN JILL CALLED US,
DID SHE CALL US
FROM HER CELLPHONE?
NO, HOME.
HE KNOCKED OVER A CHAIR
AND, UM, THERE'S SOME STUFF
ON THE COFFEE TABLE.
ANNALISE,
IS EVERYTHING OK?
THERE'S SOME SCRATCHES
ON MY ARM.
SHE USED WHAT I TOLD HER.
WHAT?
STAY BY THE PHONE.
TIME TO GET HONEST.
THERE WAS NO STRUGGLE.
YOU JUST MADE IT LOOK
LIKE ONE AFTER OUR CALL.
I CAN EXPLAIN.
NOT HERE.
QUESTION FOR YOU,
MRS. HARTFORD.
WHO IS THIS?
[SCOFFS] WELL, THAT'S ME.
WAS ME. WHY?
WE'VE SAID ALL WE'RE GONNA SAY
AT THIS POINT, DETECTIVE.
NOW I KNOW
YOU'RE CLIENT'S LYING.
I HAVEN'T LIED
ABOUT ANYTHING.
DON'T ENGAGE.
YOU LIED TO YOUR HUSBAND
ABOUT WHAT YOU ARE.
HOW DARE YOU!
YOU'RE OUT OF LINE,
DETECTIVE.
MY HUSBAND ATTACKED ME.
ONLY 'CAUSE HE FINALLY FOUND
OUT WHAT YOU HID FROM HIM.
BASTARD.
ENOUGH.
SO YOU KILLED HIM.
NO, I KILLED HIM
BECAUSE HE WAS GOING TO
KILL ME FIRST.
DON'T YOU DARE USE WHO I AM
AGAINST ME OR YOU'LL BE NEXT.
YOU SWEAR STEVEN KNEW.
OH, MY GOD.
LISTEN,
YOU HEARD THE DETECTIVE.
THEY WANT TO MAKE THIS INTO
A STORY THEY CAN UNDERSTAND.
THAT STORY'S PLAYED OUT.
I KNOW.
I TOLD STEVEN
ON OUR THIRD DATE.
CAN ANYONE VOUCH
THAT STEVEN KNEW?
ANNALISE.
I'M NOT ASKING FOR MYSELF.
I'M ASKING
SO I CAN DEFEND YOU.
YES. THERE'S PEOPLE
THAT CAN VOUCH FOR IT.
WHAT THEY DIDN'T KNOW
IS THAT HE WAS BEATING ME,
BECAUSE I COVERED UP
FOR HIM AGAIN AND AGAIN.
I JUST COULDN'T
TAKE IT ANYMORE.
WHY STAGE THE CRIME SCENE?
I EXAGGERATED IT.
WHY?
BECAUSE I KNEW
NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE ME.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
BECAUSE I DO.
NO, YOU DON'T, AND NOW THERE'S
A CHANCE THAT THEY'LL FIND OUT.
CECE McDONALD.
SHE KILLED A MAN...
FOR ATTACKING HER
BECAUSE SHE WAS TRANS.
IT WAS SELF-DEFENSE,
BUT SHE HAD TO TAKE THE DEAL
AND SHE ENDED UP
IN A MEN'S PRISON
BECAUSE SHE KNEW
NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE HER.
I NEEDED THEM
TO BELIEVE ME.
OK.
OK WHAT?
LET'S TEACH
THESE BASTARDS A LESSON.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
DOESN'T MATTER.
IT DOES.
FRANK USED HIS STORAGE LOCKER
THE NIGHT REBECCA DISAPPEARED.
I WENT INSIDE AND FOUND
ALL THIS CASH IN A SUITCASE.
GREAT.
TELL YOUR FRIEND.
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
HE'S IN JAIL FOR DEALING,
BUT I THINK
ANNALISE SET HIM UP.
ARE YOU HEARING
WHAT I'M SAYING?
NO.
AND I'M DONE...
WITH ANYTHING HAVING
TO DO WITH ANNALISE.
STOP CALLING ME.
[ASHER] WHAT ABOUT THE STAFF?
YOU KNOW, MY FAMILY USED TO HAVE
THIS ONE STICKY-FINGERED
MAID NAMED PAULETTE.
HER KID WOULD SHOW UP
WEARING MY T-SHIRTS.
THAT IS AN ASS THAT YOU
COULD REST A DRINK ON.
HEY.
YOU'RE A SINGLE LADY AGAIN.
YOU COULD HIT THAT.
THE LAST TIME I "HIT THAT"
WITH A GUY YOU SUGGESTED,
HE TURNED OUT TO HAVE THREE
DRUG ARREST WARRANTS ON HIM.
LEVI?
YEAH. CALLED THE POLICE
STATION THIS MORNING.
GOOD NEWS IS
THEY'RE SHIPPING HIS ASS
BACK TO GEORGIA
SO HE CAN ROT IN JAIL THERE.
YOU'VE HAD A LITTLE BAD LUCK
IN THE DATING DEPARTMENT,
BUT CALEB IS INNOCENT,
MAYBE,
WHICH MAKES HIM
TOTALLY PORKABLE.
HE'S NOT INNOCENT.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
IF YOU'RE CHARGED WITH A
MURDER YOU DIDN'T COMMIT,
YOU'D WANT TO BLAME ANYONE
BUT YOURSELF,
EVEN YOUR BIRTH PARENTS.
WE'RE CONSIDERING
THE BIRTH PARENTS AGAIN?
NO.
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD, OH, MY GOD.
IT'S RECORDING.
WHO'S IS THAT?
IT'S CATHERINE'S.
SHE'S RECORDING US?
DELETE IT.
SHE'LL KNOW.
WELL, IT'S BETTER THAN LETTING
HER HEAR US SAY THEY'RE KILLERS.
IT'S GOT A PASS CODE.
IT'S 4713.
AND YOU DON'T GET TO BE MAD
I RECORDED YOU.
YOU LIED TO ME, AS DID YOU,
SO I FIGURED
WE MIGHT AS WELL KNOW
WHAT OUR LAWYERS WERE SAYING
ABOUT US FOR ONCE.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S MORE IDIOTIC.
BAD MOUTHING OUR CLIENTS
IN THEIR OWN HOME
OR GETTING CAUGHT DOING IT.
I'D SAY THE LATTER.
I'LL TALK TO CALEB,
EXPLAIN --
HE JUST CALLED. HE DOESN'T WANT
ANY OF YOU NEAR THIS CASE.
BUT NOT ME, RIGHT?
YOU KNOW, AT LEAST TELL ME
YOU'VE MADE SOME HEADWAY
ON THE SUSPECT FRONT.
YOU'RE ALL GARBAGE.
YOU MEAN ALL THEM, RIGHT?
NOT ME?
I-I'M STILL GOOD, RIGHT?
FIND EVERYONE WHO KNEW
JILL AND STEVE
AND SEE IF ANYONE
WITNESSED THE ABUSE.
WE BELIEVE HER?
[SIGHS]
FOR SOME REASON, I DO, YES.
[DOOR CLOSES]
GOT SOME BAD NEWS,
ANNALISE.
OH, NO.
NO MORE BAD NEWS.
FOR REAL?
WHAT IS IT, FRANK?
NATE'S WIFE'S DEAD.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
NATE?
IT'S ANNALISE.
I JUST HEARD, AND...
I MADE YOU
A PEACH COBBLER.
I'LL JUST LEAVE IT
RIGHT HERE.
♪♪
UNCLE SILAS.
LOOKS LIKE A SERIAL KILLER.
HIS CREDIT CARDS SHOW HE WAS
IN BRAZIL DURING THE MURDERS.
THE FAMILY LAWYER.
WAS AT A MUSEUM GALA
THAT NIGHT.
WHY DON'T WE AT LEAST FIND OUT
WHO THE BIRTH PARENTS ARE?
NO RESPECTABLE ADOPTION AGENCY
IS JUST GONNA HAND OVER
THAT INFORMATION TO US.
THEN WES CAN GO
AND PRETEND HE'S CALEB.
I CAN PLAY HIS WIFE.
WE'RE HAVING A BABY AND I NEED
YOUR MEDICAL HISTORY --
YOU NEED AN I.D.
OR A COURT ORDER.
THEN OLIVER CAN JUST HACK INTO
THE AGENCY'S RECORDS.
PERFECT.
I'LL CALL HIM NOW.
NO! OUR CLIENT SPECIFICALLY SAID
NOT TO GO DOWN THIS ROAD.
IS THIS ABOUT
YOUR CRUSH ON CALEB?
YOU ARE THE ONE
WHO HAS A CRUSH ON CALEB.
I SIMPLY THINK
IT'S INAPPROPRIATE
TO CHARACTERIZE BIRTH PARENTS
AS MURDERERS.
OK, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH,
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
I'M ADOPTED, AND NO WE'RE NOT
TALKING ABOUT IT, BUT YES,
IT MEANS I HAVE PERSONAL
FEELINGS ABOUT THIS ISSUE,
WHICH I WOULD CONSIDER
PUTTING ASIDE
IF I DIDN'T KNOW THAT THIS WAS
JUST WES AND HIS CRAZY.
HOW IS THIS ABOUT ME?
BECAUSE EVERYTHING WRONG
ABOUT OUR LIVES IS ABOUT YOU.
YOU CONTINUE TO BE PARANOID
AND MAKE US ALL PARANOID.
I'M NOT THE ONE
WHO KILLED REBECCA.
WE DON'T KNOW
THAT ANYONE KILLED HER.
NO ONE KILLED REBECCA.
THEN EXPLAIN WHY FRANK
CALLED BRUNO
THE NIGHT SHE WENT MISSING.
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE. DO YOU
NOT REALIZE THIS IS JUST
ANNALISE --
GET UP.
WHAT? WHY?
LET'S GO ASK FRANK
IF HE KILLED REBECCA.
NO.
ARE YOU STUPID?
I'M OVER ALL THE SECRETS.
WE SHOULD KNOW BETTER
AT THIS POINT.
SO LET'S JUST GET AN ANSWER
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
SPIT IT OUT.
YOU'RE GONNA WANT TO
LIE TO US,
BUT I'M WARNING YOU
WE KNOW A LOT MORE --
WES STOLE THE KEY
TO THE STORAGE LOCKER
BECAUSE THIS GUY BRUNO
TOLD HIM YOU WENT THERE
THE NIGHT
REBECCA DISAPPEARED.
SO WE UNLOCKED IT TO SEE
IF HER DEAD BODY WAS IN THERE,
BUT...
WE JUST FOUND CASH.
I KNOW.
YOU DO?
GUY WAVES A GUN
IN MY BUDDY'S FACE,
YOU DON'T THINK
I GET A CALL?
SO?
IS REBECCA DEAD?
YOUR GUESS
IS AS GOOD AS MINE.
THEN EXPLAIN THE CASH.
WHY'D YOU PUT IT IN THE STORAGE
LOCKER THE SAME EXACT NIGHT?
IT'S HUSH MONEY
FOR REBECCA.
SO SHE'D NOT RAT OUT YOU
DUMMIES FOR TYING HER UP.
SHE'S AN IDIOT
FOR NOT SURFACING BY NOW.
WOULD'VE MADE
FOR A NICE PAYDAY.
ANY MORE QUESTIONS?
'CAUSE I LIKE
THAT WE'RE ALL BEING HONEST
WITH EACH OTHER...
FOR ONCE.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
HI.
UM, I'M LOOKING
FOR BONNIE WINTERBOTTOM.
I'D JUST STARTED WORKING FOR
PROFESSOR HARTFORD AS HER T.A.
AND I FORGOT TO PUT
HER MIDTERMS IN HER BAG.
WHEN I GOT TO
HER APARTMENT,
I SAW HER AND STEVEN
IN HER CAR OUT FRONT.
I STARTED TO APPROACH,
BUT I STOPPED BECAUSE --
SHE SAW STEVEN STRIKE YOU
IN THE FACE TWO TIMES,
THREE TIMES, MAYBE MORE.
MELISSA DOESN'T RECALL
BECAUSE SHE WAS
AFRAID AND RAN
AND NEVER SAID
A WORD TO ANYONE
BECAUSE IT NEVER HAPPENED.
YOU ASKED A STUDENT
TO LIE FOR YOU.
DID YOU EVER SUSPECT IT?
THAT HE WAS
BEATING ME SENSELESS
AFTER EVERY ONE
OF OUR DINNER PARTIES?
WHEN I WAS TOO SICK TO ATTEND
THE WOMEN LEADERS LUNCHEON
I BEGGED YOU FOR SIX MONTHS
TO HELP ME HOST?
OF COURSE NOT.
BECAUSE THAT'S HOW
GOOD I WAS AT HIDING IT.
DON'T BE MAD AT ME.
I AM MAD.
AND I'M SORRY FOR THAT.
NOT BECAUSE YOU LIED TO ME.
BUT BECAUSE I DIDN'T THINK
OF THIS IDEA MYSELF.
MELISSA GREENWELL
SAW STEVEN HARTFORD
BEATING MY CLIENT
AND IS WILLING TO TESTIFY
TO THAT IN OPEN COURT.
YOU TRACKED DOWN ONE
WITNESS AND EXPECT US
TO DROP THE CHARGES
IN A MURDER INVESTIGATION?
YOU MEAN
A HATE CRIME INVESTIGATION.
HOW IS THIS
A HATE CRIME?
HOW IS IT NOT?
A WOMAN IS ABUSED
BY HER HUSBAND
AND FURTHER PERSECUTED
BY AN INSENSITIVE
TRANSPHOBIC DETECTIVE,
AND NOW A LIKE-MINDED
D.A.'S OFFICE?
DROP THE CHARGES
BEFORE IT GETS UGLY.
I WISH I COULD, ANNALISE.
BUT MRS. HARTFORD'S
PHONE RECORD SHOWS
A CALL BETWEEN YOU AND HER
BEFORE SHE CALLED 911.
THERE'S NO CRIME IN CALLING
YOUR LAWYER BEFORE THE POLICE.
YOUR CONVERSATION LASTED
ONE MINUTE, 42 SECONDS.
SHE WAS UPSET.
OR YOU NEEDED
ALL THAT TIME TO COACH HER
ON HOW TO MAKE
THE CRIME SCENE LOOK LIKE
A TEXTBOOK
SELF-DEFENSE CASE.
SO, MAYBE I SHOULD BE WORKING
UP CHARGES ON THE BOTH OF YOU.
YOUR CLIENT
FOR THE FIRST DEGREE,
AND YOU FOR ACCESSORY
AFTER THE FACT.
THEY'RE BLUFFING.
NO WAY THEY HAVE ENOUGH
TO CHARGE YOU.
HE HAS PHONE CALLS
AND MY REPUTATION.
HE DOESN'T NEED
MUCH ELSE.
ANNALISE.
NOT NOW, ASHER.
IT'S IMPORTANT.
GIVE US A MINUTE.
A REPORTER
JUST CALLED MY CELL,
SAID SHE HAD QUESTIONS
ABOUT TIFFANY.
DID SHE SAY ANYTHING ELSE,
GIVE ANY DETAILS?
NO.
PHEW.
THAT'S GOOD.
HOW IS THAT GOOD?
SINCLAIR LEAKED THIS.
SHE LEAKED A NAME TO SCARE YOU.
IT MEANS NOTHING.
BUT YOU SAID
YOU'D HANDLE HER.
I DID. SHE'S JUST
TOO STUPID TO KNOW IT.
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE GONNA FIX THIS.
EVERYTHING.
BECAUSE I HAVE MY DAD
TO DEAL WITH
AND I HAVE TO TALK TO HIM
AT SOME POINT,
EVEN THOUGH I HAVE NO
IDEA WHAT TO SAY.
AND HE'S A JUDGE,
YOU KNOW.
HE CAN FIND WAYS
TO TAKE YOU DOWN IF HE WANTS TO.
THE DUDE IS PERSISTENT.
I KNOW HE HATES YOU.
HE'LL MAKE IT
HIS BUSINESS...
GET ME ALL THE DIRT WE HAVE
ON JUDGE MILLSTONE, BONNIE.
THAT MEANS EVERY FILE
IN THE DAVID ALLEN CASE.
FRANK, FIND ANY EVIDENCE
OF MALFEASANCE
WE CAN USE AGAINST HIM.
ON IT.
ANNALISE, YOU PROMISED ASHER
YOU WOULDN'T DO THIS.
MY FATHER'S NAME
STAYS OUT OF IT, AGREED OR NOT.
NO ONE CAN KNOW THE ROLE
HE PLAYED IN DAVID'S CONVICTION.
AGREED.
THAT WAS BEFORE.
IT'S HIS FATHER.
YOUR BOYFRIEND
HAS GOT TO GROW UP SOMETIME.
GOD KNOWS EVERYONE ELSE
IN THE HOUSE HAS.
NOW IT'S HIS TURN.
[ASHER] SO, IS A.K.
OUT HANDLING MY STUFF?
I THINK SO.
YOU THINK SO
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T TELL ME
WHAT YOU ACTUALLY KNOW?
SHE'S ON IT, ASHER.
[ANNALISE]
DO YOU LIKE YOUR JOB?
I THINK YOU DO.
I JUST DON'T THINK
YOU LOVE IT.
IS THIS
A THERAPY SESSION NOW?
CAREER COUNSELING.
YOU'RE GONNA DROP THE CHARGES
AGAINST JILL HARTFORD
ON THE GROUNDS
OF SELF-DEFENSE,
AND YOU'RE GONNA SEE TO IT
THAT EMILY SINCLAIR
ENDS HER WITCH HUNT
INTO ME AND MY STAFF.
WAIT, NOW I'M DOING YOU
TWO FAVORS?
OR AS I PREFER TO CALL IT,
TWO BIRDS, ONE MILLSTONE.
MILLSTONE?
FEDERAL JUDGE MILLSTONE.
THERE'S ENOUGH EVIDENCE
IN THERE TO CHARGE HIM
WITH MULTIPLE COUNTS
OF CORRUPTION.
AND JUST LIKE THAT,
YOU'RE THE BALLSY PROSECUTOR
RUNNING FOR STATE'S ATTORNEY
ON AN ANTI-CORRUPTION TICKET.
I'D VOTE FOR YOU.
YOU JUST NEED TO FREE
MY CLIENT.
HOW'D YOU DO IT?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
THE D.A.'S OFFICE
BELIEVES YOU.
IT'S NOTHING
BUT A CASE OF SELF-DEFENSE.
SO, I'M FREE TO GO?
YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
[CHUCKLES LIGHTLY]
[SIGHS]
DON'T YOU DARE
BLAME YOURSELF.
ONE WRONG BLOW,
AND IT MIGHT'VE BEEN HIM
CALLING ME YESTERDAY
INSTEAD OF YOU.
I DON'T BLAME MYSELF.
[SIGHS]
A GOOD PERSON WOULD CRY
FOR HIM RIGHT NOW, GRIEVE.
BUT I CAN'T.
[CHUCKLES]
I LET HIM WIN
FOR FAR TOO LONG.
AND I BELIEVED HIM
WHEN HE SAID
HE WAS THE ONLY ONE
WHO COULD EVER LOVE ME.
I'M SO GLAD HE'S DEAD,
ANNALISE.
I'M GLAD
SAM'S DEAD, TOO.
HE WASN'T THE MAN
EVERYONE THOUGHT HE WAS, EITHER.
BUT I STAYED.
WHO THE HELL KNOWS WHY?
IT'S OK.
YOU'RE FREE.
YOU FINALLY GET TO BE
THE WOMAN YOU REALLY ARE.
[SIGHS]
♪♪
FOR THE RECORD, I HATE THIS.
WE HEARD YOU.
NOW LET MY BOYFRIEND
HACK THE ORPHANAGE.
IT'S AN ADOPTION AGENCY,
NOT AN ORPHANAGE.
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE.
WHOA, THIS IS WEIRD.
UH, I RAN A PASSWORD ATTACK
ON THEIR SYSTEM
USING A BRUTE FORCE ALGORITHM
CALLED SNAKE --
LESS NERD,
MORE INFORMATION.
HERE.
THIS FILE LISTS AN ADOPTION
UNDER THE LAST NAME HAPSTALL.
CATHERINE OR CALEB?
NEITHER.
IT'S UNDER HELENA HAPSTALL.
WHEN THE POLICE CAME
THE NEXT MORNING,
I KNEW THEY'D DONE IT.
[MICHAELA] THE RACIST.
SHE'S THE BIRTH MOTHER.
WHAT? OF WHOM?
A BABY BOY.
[ANNALISE] YOUR AUNT'S CHARITY
WAS FOUNDED THE SAME
YEAR SHE HAD A CHILD,
AND THAT CHARITY WAS LINKED
TO A BANK ACCOUNT
IN THE CAYMANS,
WHICH MEANS SHE USED IT
TO SUPPORT THE CHILD
WHO HAD EVERYTHING TO GAIN
FROM THE MURDERS
OF YOUR PARENTS AND HIS MOTHER.
HE JUST NEEDED
TO GET RID OF YOU TWO.
SO, A COUSIN WE DIDN'T KNOW
EXISTED FRAMED US?
IT GIVES US A THIRD SUSPECT.
AND THE BEST PART...
JURIES LOVE A SECRET BABY.
HOW DO WE FIND HIM?
WE'RE LOOKING RIGHT NOW.
AND JUST SO YOU KNOW,
AS MUCH AS I LIKE TO CLAIM
ALL GOOD IDEAS AS MY OWN,
IT WAS THESE FOOLS
WHO FOUND THIS OUT.
IT WAS THE LEAST
THEY COULD DO FOR YOU.
UM, CALEB, WAIT.
I JUST...
I WANTED TO SAY SORRY.
THAT RECORDING
WAS INAPPROPRIATE.
YOU MEAN THE PART
ABOUT ME BEING GUILTY
OR THE PART
ABOUT MY BUTT?
OH.
I'M SO SORRY.
IT'S FINE.
JUST IS IT TRUE?
YOUR BOYFRIEND'S IN JAIL,
WHICH MEANS YOU'RE SINGLE NOW?
UH, IT'S A LONG STORY.
RIGHT.
MAYBE I'LL GET TO HEAR
ABOUT IT SOMETIME.
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
NATE?
[SIGHS]
[DOOR OPENS]
MORE COBBLER?
YOU THINK THIS IS
WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW?
I'LL GO.
NO.
YOU WANT TO
HEAR ME SAY IT.
THAT I DID IT.
I KNOW
THAT'S WHAT SHE WANTED.
DON'T TELL ME
WHAT MY WIFE WANTED!
SORRY.
I COULDN'T NOT COME.
BECAUSE YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU TOOK FROM ME.
SHE NEEDED ME.
THE WHOLE TIME
I WAS IN JAIL, IN COURT,
BUT I WASN'T THERE
'CAUSE YOU STOLE THAT FROM US.
THE ONLY TIME WE HAD
LEFT TOGETHER, YOU STOLE THAT.
SO NO COBBLER
OR APOLOGIES COULD FIX IT.
RIGHT.
I WOULD HATE ME, TOO.
I DON'T HATE YOU.
I JUST DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU.
I GAVE NIA THOSE PILLS
BECAUSE I LOVED HER.
AND I LAID NEXT TO HER
IN THAT BED,
HELD HER
AS SHE FELL ASLEEP,
SO CLOSE THAT I COULD FEEL
WHEN SHE TOOK HER LAST BREATH.
NO ONE'S EVER GONNA
LOVE YOU THAT WAY.
LEAVE.
LEAVE!
[DOOR CLOSES]
WES.
♪♪
[LAUREL]
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
YOU'LL KNOW SOON ENOUGH.
SEE, THAT JUST MAKES ME
MORE SUSPICIOUS.
LIKE, ARE YOU SHOWING ME
YOUR SAFE HOUSE
OR JUST THE SPOT
WHERE YOU BURIED REBECCA?
OK.
IT'S ONE THING
FOR WES TO THINK
I'M CAPABLE
OF KILLING A GIRL.
IT'S NOT COOL
WHEN IT COMES FROM YOU.
I'M SORRY.
ARE YOU SAYING
I HURT YOUR FEELINGS?
PRETTY MUCH.
AND MAYBE
THAT'S MY FAULT.
THE LESS I TELL YOU,
THE MORE YOU THINK I'M ALL BAD,
BUT THAT'S WHY WE'RE HERE,
SO YOU CAN FINALLY MEET
THE REAL ME.
JUST PROMISE
YOU WON'T MAKE FUN OF HIM.
[DOOR OPENS]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
MA! WE'RE HERE!
AH, FINALLY.
WELL, SHE'S SHOWING WAY LESS
CLEAVAGE THAN THE LAST TWO,
SO WE'RE OFF TO A GOOD START.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
LAUREL.
UH, EVERYONE, THIS IS
FRANK'S NEW FRIEND LAUREN.
LAUREL.
YEAH, THIS IS, UH, DINO,
LOU, JOEY, TERESA,
ANGIE, BRANDI, DANNY,
AND SOME OTHER GUY
WHO'S ALWAYS EATING MY FOOD.
[LAUGHS]
SHUT IT, MA.
OH! WHO THE
HELL IS THIS?
LAUREL. HI.
THE SMART GIRL.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT,
YOU CAN'T BE TOO SMART
IF YOU'RE DATING
THIS ONE HERE.
DAD.
YOU HUNGRY?
UH...YEAH!
YEAH, YOU'RE HUNGRY.
COME ON. COME ON IN.
YOU'RE GONNA SIT
RIGHT NEXT TO ME.
LET'S GO. COME ON.
RIGHT HERE.
YOU KNOW, MY WIFE,
SHE'S NOT THAT GOOD A COOK,
BUT WE KNOW
HOW TO POUR THE BOOZE.
MUNCH, MUNCH.
EVERYBODY.
A SALUTE.
GET THE BREAD. COME ON.
GIVE HER THE BREAD.
♪♪
♪ MURDERER ♪
♪ MAN OF FIRE ♪
NATE'S WIFE DIED
LAST NIGHT.
[KEYS JINGLE]
♪ MURDERER ♪
♪ I'VE SEEN THE EYES
OF LIVING DEAD ♪
[DOOR CLOSES]
WE HAVE TO
FINALLY TALK, WES.
♪ IT'S THE SAME GAME,
SURVIVAL ♪
YOU MEAN YOU DO.
♪ THE GREAT MASS
PLAY A WAITING GAME ♪
'CAUSE YOU KNOW
EVERYTHING NOW. RIGHT?
♪ EMBALMED, CRIPPLED ♪
FROM FRANK, OR HAS NATE JUST
BEEN TELLING YOU ALL ALONG?
♪ DYING IN FEAR OF PAIN ♪
I DIDN'T KILL REBECCA.
I KNOW. THAT'S WHAT
YOU WANT ME TO BELIEVE.
WHY ELSE WOULD YOU HAVE
ME FIND THAT SUITCASE?
SHE RAN AWAY.
THAT'S ALL I KNOW.
♪ ALL SENSE OF FREEDOM GONE ♪
YOU KNOW MORE THAN THAT.
SO JUST TELL ME.
IS SHE DEAD?
I DON'T KNOW WHERE SHE IS.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
AND I UNDERSTAND THAT.
IT'S BECAUSE
OF YOUR MOTHER.
♪ BLACK SUN ♪
I WISH I COULD BE THE DAD
YOU WANTED.
♪ IN A WHITE WORLD ♪
BUT I CAN'T.
I-I KNOW THIS DOESN'T
MAKE SENSE TO YOU,
BUT THERE'S PEOPLE
IN THAT HOUSE, ONE ESPECIALLY,
♪ LIKE HAVING A BLACK SUN ♪
THEY DON'T DESERVE THIS.
JUST THINK IF IT WERE MOM.
YOU WOULD DO ANYTHING YOU COULD
TO PROTECT HER, RIGHT?
NOT IF IT MEANT SELLING OUT
MY OWN FATHER.
♪ IN A WHITE WORLD ♪
WHAT?
DON'T PLAY DUMB.
I'M NOT TESTIFYING.
HOW IS THAT --
EMILY SINCLAIR GOT THE D.A.
TO OPEN AN INVESTIGATION ON ME.
♪ I HAVE A SON ♪
EVERY CASE IN MY CAREER,
STARTING WITH DAVID ALLEN.
THERE YOU GO.
♪ HIS NAME IS EDEN ♪
FINALLY PUTTING
TWO AND TWO TOGETHER.
WE'RE DONE, ASH.
♪ IT'S HIS BIRTHRIGHT ♪
DAD.
♪ BEYOND ESTRANGED TIMES ♪
HAVE A NICE LIFE.
[BONNIE] WHY AM I HERE?
SO I CAN SAY
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOUR BOSS SHUT DOWN
MY INVESTIGATION.
WHAT ELSE?
TELL ANNALISE I'M DONE.
SHE WON.
BUT GIRL TO GIRL,
I THOUGHT YOU SHOULD KNOW
THE REAL ABOUT YOUR BOYFRIEND.
HERE.
IN CASE HE HASN'T TOLD YOU
ABOUT TIFFANY HOWARD.
I'M NOT PLAYING
THIS GAME WITH YOU.
YOU SURE?
YOU LOST.
BE AN ADULT AND MOVE ON.
YOU'RE GONNA REGRET
NOT READING THIS.
YOU'RE WRONG.
TIFFANY WAS GANG RAPED.
♪ ALL SENSE OF FREEDOM GONE ♪
YOUR MOTHER KILLED HERSELF.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
IT'S MY JOB
TO KNOW THESE THINGS.
ABOUT ALL OF YOU.
SHE ABANDONED YOU AND...
IT'S NOT SOMETHING THAT
A 12-YEAR-OLD BOY GETS OVER.
STOP.
NOW YOU CAN'T TRUST
ANYONE ANYMORE.
DEFINITELY NOT A WOMAN.
YOUR MOTHER LEAVES,
NOW REBECCA.
♪ LIKE PROMETHEUS WE ARE BOUND ♪
SO I UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU CAN'T TRUST ME.
♪ CHAINED TO THIS ROCK ♪
SO, I DID SOMETHING BAD, TOO.
♪ OF A BRAVE NEW WORLD ♪
IT'S NOT TERRORISM
OR PEDOPHILIA BAD,
♪ OUR GOD FORSAKEN LOT ♪
BUT SOMETHING THAT MIGHT
PUT ME IN JAIL WITH YOU
WHEN YOU'RE FINALLY CAUGHT
FOR WHATEVER BAD THING YOU DID.
♪ AND I FEEL ♪
WHAT DID YOU DO?
I KEPT SEARCHING
FOR THE SECRET BABY
EVEN THOUGH YOU TOLD ME
NOT TO.
WHAT?
HIS NAME'S PHILIP JESSUP.
A 26-YEAR-OLD WHITE MALE
WHO LIVES TWO MILES AWAY
FROM THE HAPSTALL MANSION --
OLLIE!
IT GETS WORSE.
♪ TILL WORLDS END ♪
UH...
♪ AND THE SEAS RUN COLD ♪
I HACKED INTO HIS COMPUTER.
ARE YOU INSANE?
THIS GUY IS PROBABLY
THE KILLER.
I KNOW.
IT'S SCARY, RIGHT?
BUT, LIKE, IN A FUN WAY.
NO, NOT IN A FUN WAY.
HE COULD BE A SERIAL KILLER
OR A CANNIBAL OR --
OK, ANNALISE WILL BE HAPPY
THAT WE FOUND HIM.
I DON'T CARE
ABOUT MAKING ANNALISE HAPPY.
I CARE ABOUT MAKING SURE
YOU DON'T GET IN TROUBLE
FOR ALL THIS CRAP
THAT WE DO.
NO ONE'S GONNA KNOW.
THIS IS MY FAULT.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE
INVOLVED YOU.
JUST TURN IT OFF, OK?
JUST MAKE IT STOP.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT MY MOTHER.
IT IS.
YOU WON'T TRUST --
YOU'RE NOTHING LIKE HER!
SHE GAVE UP EVERYTHING
FOR ME --
HER ENTIRE LIFE
TO BRING ME TO THE STATES.
AND IT KILLED HER.
YOU NEVER DID ANYTHING
LIKE THAT FOR ANYONE.
INSTEAD, YOU JUST LIE --
I HAVEN'T LIED
TO YOU ABOUT REBECC--
HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME
TO BELIEVE THAT?
IT'S THE TRUTH.
LOOK AT ME, WES!
LOOK AT ME!
GET OFF ME! DON'T TOUCH ME!
OK, OK, OK.
OK.
REBECCA RAN AWAY.
THAT'S...
ALL I KNOW.
HOW ARE THE DELFINOS?
HEY, YOU TELL BRANDI
I SAY HI?
SHE'S NOT INTO YOU.
DAMN.
MAYBE I SHOULD JUST DATE GIRLS
LIKE THIS INSTEAD.
WON'T COMPLAIN OR ORDER THE MOST
EXPENSIVE THING ON THE MENU.
DON'T BE GROSS.
AND THE WORST PART ABOUT THIS IS
THAT IT'S DESTROYING US.
BUT I'M HERE FOR YOU,
WES, ALL RIGHT?
I'M NEVER LEAVING YOU.
YOU HAVE TO STOP
KEEPING SECRETS FROM ME THEN.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
NO MORE SECRETS.
WE'VE LOOKED ALL OVER
FOR HER, WES.
EVERYWHERE.
I CAN'T FIND HER.
I'M SORRY.
OK.
TELL ME
YOU'VE TAKEN CARE OF IT.
THE RIGHT WAY THIS TIME.
[FRANK] IN THE PROCESS.
DON'T WORRY.
[SIGHS] GOOD.
♪♪
[GRUNTS]
[REBECCA] NO, NO.
NO, NO. LISTEN. LISTEN TO ME.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO THIS.
I'LL BE GOOD. I'LL BE SO GOOD.
[GASPING]
♪♪
[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
[DOG PANTING]
WHAT DO YOU GOT BUDDY?
[BARKING]
K-22 TO COMMAND.
I HAVE SUBJECT LOCATED.
START RESCUE TEAM
TO MY LOCATION.
100 YARDS NORTHEAST
OF MY ENTRY POINT.
[GASPS]
[OFFICER] COME IN,
SUBJECT IS CONSCIOUS,
REPEAT SUBJECT IS CONSCIOUS.